all right Darren you are up man this
legends of the diamond finally came in
one two three top four five six bottom
see which case I'm crack bottom one all
right here we go all righty where are
the 4-sided die one on top four on the
bottom drop that down and not end up on
top four on the bottom slide these in
here we go box number sorry box number 4
3 and 4 made a 1 or a 2 here we go a 2 2
3 and 4 i'm just going to put one on
this last one super let me know if you
want this one or if you want the one
from a new piece later on all right
Darren which one do you want to ship
this one this one or this one you want
to ship that one that one or that one
the top all right what else all
right we have a Grover Cleveland okay
one of one sketch and Leon goose
Gosselin that's a very good three 1933
Goudy 1933 goose Gosselin very good
great number three and there's the bat
yeah I graded a three there you go 1933
down these vintage cards I meant I'm not
sure I'm value myself some of these if
you get like a one point higher creases
the value by a lot of money so of course
I would imagine any 9 or 10 33 anything
would be worth quite a bit or an e all
right well we're sick and uh let's see
we have a who's that Nolan Ryan Oh
Wilhelm well that's the worst Nolan Ryan
picture I've ever seen rich did that one
that's white Wilhelm and another 33 this
one's excellent five um gabby hartnett
Charles Leo gabby hartnett 233 that's an
excellent five there you go and there
you go all right yeah we hit anything
major are those the big ones appreciate
it get on the way down see what